I. uh. don't understand.
I-I thought I was doing
the right thing.
Well. uh. a-a captain
is always prepared
for the unexpected.
so I will. uh...
I don't understand.
Orange's suit split open.
Everything spilled out.
If Yellow was an alien.
their body would have...
Oh. no.
Well. uh. we just killed
an innocent crewmate. so...
We? There was no we.
I voted against
ejecting an innocent mate
into the cold vacuum of space.
I told you it wasn't Yellow.
This was a ploy
by Red the impostor
to get us to do
their dirty work.
We know it's Red. and we need
to kick them out now!
No. no. no. n-n-n-no. don't
leave. We're doing another vote.
We are taking care of this
right now.
- Everyone. get in line
so we can...
-I'm done.
You need to stay here
and we can...
I don't need to do anything.
My best friend is dead.
You...
We killed them.
Even the crew
that voted against it.
you legitimized it.
You made it okay
for us to commit murder
because we "did it by the book."
I don't care
what anyone else does.
Do whatever you want.
You don't need my permission.
But I'm done.
We killed the wrong crewmate.
If we just go about
our business.
then the alien
will keep picking us off.
All we've done
is lower our numbers.
Look. I think
maybe all this voting
is taking time away
from our tasks.
If we can just. uh.
put on a smile and...
No. We only need to take
one more vote.
to vote you out.
Let's not be rash.
Maybe if we wait just a...
No matter what we do.
we keep running
into the cold embrace of death.
What's the point of even trying?
We don't have time for
philosophy or to wait around.
What do we need--
Wh-What do we need to wait for?
What are we going to have
if we take the vote tomorrow?
Oh. oh. I'll tell you right now.
We're gonna have
another dead crewmate
because we aren't
finishing the job.
I want to go home.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm?
Mmm.
Mwah.
Knocked me on my ass.
For the millionth time.
voting out Red is the best plan.
Or the better plan is to
let everyone finish their tasks
so the ship doesn't fall apart.
And wait while we get
picked off one by one?
Real good plan. Amazing results.
Only most of our crew
has been brutally murdered.
Nihilism is real.
Nothing we do is working.
Why is no one taking
the many murders seriously?
Am I the only one
trying to figure this out?
Well. as security. it's supposed
to be your job to keep us safe.
Like you said earlier.
"amazing results."
I have been given nothing
to work with.
No proper equipment.
no resources and support.
and no competent crewmates
to help.
You included. Red.
You are just
a handbook-reading poser.
Ugh.  Do you smell that?
I smell burning.
It's coming from the kitchen.
I'll check it out.
We have to check it out.
all of us.
We aren't splitting up.
It's locked from the inside.
Does the handbook
say anything about...?
Oh. we're not
doing the handbook.
Captain's kick!
- Brown? How?
-Oh. no.
- What?
No.
Ugh. it's disgusting.
That explains the smoke. but...
Brown... I don't understand.
We were all in the cafeteria.
Th-This doesn't make any sense.
The door was locked
from the inside
and Brown still got killed.
Hey! Where are you going?
We're all gonna die anyway.
I'd prefer to do it alone.
Well. you're gonna get
your friggin' wish!
'Cause Red is going to kill you
as soon as they get the chance!
Let's just do our tasks.
We can't have the ship
falling apart on us. too.
What am I doing?
This isn't even Storage anymore.
It's a cemetery
that we're keeping rocks in.
Maybe I was too jaded.
Maybe if you heard that.
you would have told me
all about the energy benefits
of jade.
Pun intended.
I'm sorry.
You were always nice to me.
You were nice to everyone.
You wanted us to share
a passion for rocks.
and I stonewalled you.
Pun intended.
This your weirdo notebook?
"Everyone on this ship
is so different.
"but I'm gonna do my best
to match their energy.
"My star signs are retrograde.
"but I'm gonna put in
so much effort
that it's gonna flip
to trendy-grade."
Hmm?
Can we talk?
Nothing to talk about.
Brown is dead.
We don't know why.
Yellow is dead.
I know why.
I'm trying my best. you know.
Being a captain is tough.
Sometimes mistakes happen.
A mistake didn't just happen.
You made a choice.
Nothing about this
is easy. okay?
We may not like each other.
but believe it or not.
through all of this.
I still trust you.
And I don't trust you.
After everything
we've been through.
I guess I assumed
you'd feel differently.
Correction.
Everything you put me through.
You threw me under the bus
and let me take the fall
for MIRA negligence.
I was blacklisted.
I struggled for a paycheck
while you got promoted.
Then you hired me as security.
but I know you only did it
so you could lord it over me.
And now we have
four crewmates left.
So the way I see it. you're
either a killer alien impostor
or a pathetic
corporate bootlicker.
Either way. the only thing
I can trust you to do
is to get us all killed.
So you're just gonna
lock yourself up in there?
You got it.
You know I could kick down
this door if I wanted to.
"And Black likes to pretend
"they are tired of it all.
"but I can still see
a little glimmer
"when they talk about geology.
"The passion is there.
and I'm gonna bring it
out of them."
"Vibrational wavelengths."
Nope.
"Spectral force." Nope.
"Connected energies."
No-- Hold on.
Connected energies. huh.
Okay.
Now.
"The ore wants to be one.
"It strives to be whole.
"but the broken ore
is different.
"It strives to be broken.
"The energy is bad.
"I'm going to contain
the pieces with cleansing salt
"and purifying amethyst
until I can figure out
how to make them whole again."
What does that mean?
"Wants to be broken"?
It's a rock.
Rocks don't want anything.
This is wrong. And then...
this piece looks like it...
This doesn't fit.
A smooth core?
There's pink residue
inside the ore.
Cyan knew it.
but they didn't have the words.
Well. they had the words.
but the words were stupid.
Wait. no. that's not
the lesson I learned.
Thanks. Cyan.
Maybe there is a reason
to be optimistic.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
♪ Among us ♪
♪ Among us. ♪
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.